I took lots of pictures and lots of eat
now
now the device this family has come on
the burger Township just a little south
of Bradford and this family purchases by
approximately thirty years ago and there
have a phenomenal phenomenal collection
that's where you saw some of the
displays and some of the things that are
here today
to come out of this home eating an
entire time this is a wall hanger the
uses as a decorative piece is been
totally restored at one point or another
I don't know a whole bunch of of the
bikes out there I know it's a lot of
interest and the first time I ever stole
I said not once I helped that auction
when I was probably about 15 years old
and when sold in the Milton halls and it
was in terrible shape it wasn't nearly
the condition of this one way to go on I
did a little bit of research on him for
sixty four wheels on the front 20 the
back yes folks folks feels
take it in of course it couldn't be
way to go ahead and just to let you know
right now Mike in his pocket
has got not one not two not three piece
cut or absentee bid into that just
because